Update readmes (#59)
Sindri-Labs/sindri-resources: circuit_database/README.md

# Sindri Circuit Database
This directory contains sample circuits for interacting with the Sindri Labs' API.

> The `README.md` within each framework directory will contain information specific to that circuit type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `README.md` within each framework directory contains information specific to that circuit type.
```
